README.md, before:

TheGarageSandbox
================

Just a banch of projects to play in ciandt the garage (will be splitted into others projects if they grow)

# PROJECTS
 
## 7SegsDisplayHexCounter (By rmarco)
- Using 7 segments display, this project show all hexadecimal chars (0-F) into a loop. Enjoy the funny initialization =D
 
## leapServoController
- Using LeapMotion js API, is a web page sending http requests with hand's position data to an Arduino (using Ethernet Shield) to control a servo motor.
 
## rgbLed
- Using a html/js color picker, change the color of a RGB led with arduino
 
## restArdueasy
- A easy way to start a arduino+ethernet project. (still big =/)
- This lib provides:
  1. beginSerial : Init the serial comunication (9600) 
  2. beginEthernet : Init the server
  3. bind : Bind a request method and URI with a function to handle the request (WOW! Like SpringMVC =P)
  4. restLoop : Put this function on your loop to read http requests and automaticaly call your binds! (WOW! Like SpringMVC =P)
 
 
#Disclaimer
*Use by your own risks! Have fun and feel free to copy and use all this code!*
 
So Long and Thanks for all the Fish.

Commit message:

Adding the LCD Temperature Project

README.md, after:

TheGarageSandbox
================

Just a bunch of projects to play in ciandt the garage (will be splitted into others projects if they grow)

# PROJECTS
 
## AnalogSingleDisplay (By rmarco)
- Using 7 segments display, this project show all hexadecimal chars (0-F) into a loop. Enjoy the funny initialization =D
 
## leapServoController
- Using LeapMotion js API, is a web page sending http requests with hand's position data to an Arduino (using Ethernet Shield) to control a servo motor.
 
## rgbLed
- Using a html/js color picker, change the color of a RGB led with arduino
 
## restArdueasy
- A easy way to start a arduino+ethernet project. (still big =/)
- This lib provides:
  1. beginSerial : Init the serial comunication (9600) 
  2. beginEthernet : Init the server
  3. bind : Bind a request method and URI with a function to handle the request (WOW! Like SpringMVC =P)
  4. restLoop : Put this function on your loop to read http requests and automaticaly call your binds! (WOW! Like SpringMVC =P)
 
## LCD Temperature
- This small project was made to meet the requirements of a challenge of the CI&T 3D Printer
- Further info will be posted
 
#Disclaimer
*Use by your own risks! Have fun and feel free to copy and use all this code!*
 
So Long and Thanks for all the Fish.
